Why we Wish to AdoptAmy & DurhamAdoption is a natural next step in the development of our family. Our love for each other, experience with children, and family composition all contribute to this goal. In fact, approximately 50% of our immediate family was acquired through adoption. Brief Family Background:Durham's mother was unable to have children due to toxin exposure in Vietnam, where she served as a nurse in a M.A.S.H. unit. She adopted Durham and his two brothers as newborns from an adoption agency; neither Durham nor his brothers have questioned their familial bond and show their mother a tremendous amount of love and respect.In addition, Amy’s mother had challenges with infertility after Amy was born and adopted her brother as a newborn through an adoption agency.  Amy’s sister, Michelle, had several miscarriages which led to fostering a one-year old girl, Finley.  Her fostering led to a successful adoption this past year; Finley has been a blessing to not only Amy's sister, but all members of her extended family.Qualities that make us favorable candidates for adoptive parents:DurhamDurham is knowledgeable in the science and application of information technology, visual design, and photography. His technical skills are primarily based in website and application development.  His passion is event and landscape photography which he shares with his family and friends as gifts of adored memories. In addition, he was raised by a family who independently owned and ran two summer camps. He has an appreciation for camping, canoeing, and hiking in the Blue Ridge Mountains that he acquired from his fond childhood experiences of summer camp. AmyAmy's childhood and adult experiences caring for children, personally and professionally, have provided her with the intellectual and practical resources to raise a child.  At the age of 13, Amy was not only well-known in her neighborhood as the most requested babysitter but also assisted with the care of her adopted brother due to the 10-year age difference. As an adult, she completed a pediatric rotation in undergraduate and graduate studies. During her pediatric rotation in the family nurse practitioner program, she completed over 120 hours of clinical work with a respected local pediatrician, Dr. Eleanor Martin. Amy was given the opportunity to perform sick and well child visits as well as educate parents on anticipated stages of behavioral, cognitive and physical development.  Dr. Martin commented on Amy's excellent ability to calm and redirect children using interactive play techniques to decrease children's anxiety during the physical exam. In addition, she was empathetic with parents regarding the anxiety associated with ill children. ConclusionThe decision to expand our nuclear family is the logical next step. We both have a strong desire to share our growing love for each other with an adopted child.  We have both had positive experiences with adoption in our lives. Despite the difficulties we have faced conceiving our own child, we are very enthusiastic about a potential adoption & acknowledge that we can provide a special little boy or girl with a loving home & all the opportunities they deserve in life!  